up the readme and
let's get our environment
variables installed so that
we can run this
application. This is going
to be in step
two here. Setting up
your configuration. We open
up app server. We
want to set up
a dot environment variable
file here for our
server. I'm going to
go ahead and copy
the send. Of course,
make sure you don't
leak this to anyone.
All right. So I
have my environment variable
there. If you look
at the sample, you
can see we just
need an open AI
key and the anthropic
API key. All right.
And then we can
run our start setup
script. This will kick
off both the front
end and the back
end. We're just going
to open up a
brand new terminal window